welcome Friday evening to the next
once saved a new release of digest by
gamers are you where we talk about
the main events of the week until we
started to parse the news and
scandals at announcements small
a reminder about our public VKontakte
subscribe and your hair will be
soft and silky and whiter teeth
the freshness of the wound is just not and yet you will
learn about gaming news before anyone else
but this is so little action devil's third
it turns out to be released on the piss well that is
almost on the most popular platform you can
will play multiplayer
part of the game with the story campaign
devil's third
will remain exclusive for view so
play for a huge bald
tattooed and everything else
Russian terrorist him we can only
nintendo console owner
oh well judging by the videos multiplayer
crushed ter will be as crazy as
the main game is already known that in battles
for you the devil will be online to build
strengthen shred enemies melee
and even throw the enemy team
erotic posters
the end is a draft leg up and
This type of alcoholic brawler
madman of the madman as well as the creator
dead or alive and restarted oh series
ninja guy guilt pis choked art
online will appear after the release of the game on
view that is , ever after 28
August spread
grandfather model free-to-play waiting
details about who will take over
edition of the game in Russia and in the meantime
developer horror five nights at
freddy's 4 can't do anything
decide on the release date of the game
but unlike his colleagues who
constantly postpone the release date in
scott kouton acts exactly the opposite
at first he wanted to release a new part to
Halloween then moved the address to 8
August and then in general fight nights at
freddy's 4 is out now
standing behind you is fun like a game
under construction on streamers and sudden
appearance of the monsters itself decided
awake five nights
at freddy's 4 is already available in steam for
189 rubles, she seems to be
the last game in the series but exactly the same
we heard about the third part of this
once have to play for a child in whose house
the sinister robots of animatronics came through
from past issues judging by the first
the reviews turned out pretty well so if
are you still knitting turning on you for
and books psyche other cute creatures
don't miss last time we
Talked about Correfries and not
professional counter strike player
who confessed use
psychostimulants during matches then
we expressed the hope that now he
big sport will come real
doping control
actually the organization happened
electronic sporting league began to fight
skidding migrants
here is a nuance and he himself is not really
decided how to wean
cyber sportsmen take everyones
bad drugs before the games in
official statement of the organization
it is said that they join forces with
companies introducing Olympic responses
clean water true yet to fight
doping sl ready to fork out only on
the cheapest and most unreliable test
sweat analysis besides these tests will
selective ie any berserker
vitaminchiki have every chance not to be
finally caught it all
only applies to games from others
eSports organizations doping not
fights at least for now in general we
with their hands for a healthy private
eSports but would advise Oleg
take it more seriously
problems if the magic is scary world
fighting games always confused you here everything
button combos and tricks on
three sheets rejoice
the week was announced racing
Thunder game is about good old-fashioned fist fight in
which does not need to have 12 fingers on
each hand according to the developers
almost all the tricks and combinations here you can
crank up
one button is hard to believe but we
intrigued by tracing thunder done in
Killian one of the creators of street
fighter and founder of the championship
his fighting game
generally not the last person in the game dope
anthropomorphic
robot and it will spread
free-to-play models for now
details of the materials sorry
santander showed very little
Six soldiers and about the game a lot of things
not clear closed alpha test starts
already July 28 and when to wait for full
release unknown although the fact that in
ryzen tandyr will be massive Russian
robot with a retractable flag inspires
high hopes and since we started talking about
fighting games here's a question for you
such characters are real and fictional
would you like to see in the virtual market
mortal kombat 10 you like a predator
Jason Wurhis took a soul beating her friend
friend and how about mahatma gandhi against
Hitler Gordon Freeman vs. Duke
nukema
write your suggestions in the comments
the most snow original we show in
The next issue details in the description
video last time we asked you what
discipline lacks modern
eSports Alexander Krivolapov
proposed to introduce a prize for championships
the most ridiculous death or epic failure
well something like a golden raspberry from the world
counter-strike or dota 2 Nikita Tikhonov
I would like to see Tetris tournament
words such a match really
and, moreover, has long held Artyom
zenkovsky choosing probably the most
spectacular dynamic discipline
stone simulator
thanks to all participants now give
eSports have hope for the future and
the last we have here is kind of small
anniversary came at the end of the tenth
release on gamer update want
thank all viewers who us
watch write cool kamentarium
and stay with us is cool that we have
for whom try to play good
games follow
and releases and really spend
coming weekend see you through
a week